# Year in review
Looking back at last year I see a lot of change. For long time, I struggled mentally and physically. I had a lot of challenges to overcome to the point that I just didn’t even try. However now I do and slowly, but surely I am getting my life to where I’d like it to be.


### Health:
- Be it mental or physical health, both were in terrible condition for a long time. I have been trying to get my mental health to better state so it would be easier to do physical changes as well. Finally after couple years I have started seeing noticable change in mindset. There are still many things that I try to change but keep coming back to. It’s process that takes time and I intend to be patient.
I have also started working on my physical health. Going to the gym and doing some light cardio which helps me with both my mental and physical health. I am not where I want to be, but I am taking steps to get myself there.

### Relationships:
- I have been in 7 year relationship now. Which is almost one third of my life. The relationships has had it’s ups and downs over the years. When our relationship started I certainly was not prepared for what it means to be a partner. Mainly because of my mental and physical health, which made me not reliable in a lot of ways. In some ways I have of course done great job, but I just couldn’t bring the whole me. I see now that I had to work on myself first before getting into a relationship. Now I am making changes and I’m hoping to be better partner every year. At the same time I have realized what is important to me in a relationship. The things I don’t think I can live without, the things that make relationship feel meaningful.

### School and career:
- This part is probably the least developed for me. Growing up I never learned to care for studies or my future career. Depression made me give up on future in a way. I used to have one dream which was to become a professional CS:GO player. I have gotten close, however my parents were against it, which made me give up on that path. I do believe it was the correct choice, however I didn’t have anything to replace that dream with, which just made me float in space. Now I am starting to see my future clearer, but getting over old bad habit is hard. I want to bring things to life on paper or computer screens for others to enjoy. I am hoping to help as certain games or series helped me get through tough times. The things I take away from from our lessons are multiple. From not feeling as limited when starting to figure out an idea to creating my own oasis for creativity. Lastly more practical 5 whys. I went over this with my dad who used to be a quality control manager for industrial plants. He tol dme that he hates the 5 why rule, because you shouldn’t stop at 5 whys if you haven’t gotten to the root of what you want to find. Sometimes it can take just 3 whys other times 9 or more. 

